[Aggregations] Optimize singleton handling in GlobalOrdinalValuesSource (#17740)
opensearch-project/OpenSearch: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
- Migrate BC libs to their FIPS counterparts ([#14912](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/14912))
- Increase the floor segment size to 16MB ([#17699](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/17699))

> - Optimize composite aggregation performance for single-valued fields by eliminating iterative ordinal processing ([#17740](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/17740))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unwrap singleton DocValues in global ordinal value source of composite histogram aggregation ([#17740](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/17740))
```
